[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Tim who is speaking
with us today from Germany.
Tim is a Tactical Advisor in
the covert government in Germany
who analyzes, anticipates, and
suggests various strategies
connected to the
extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> Hello, Emery.
I'm really happy to talk to you.
>> Yeah, I'm really excited
about today's agenda,
especially because we're
talking about psionics
and the consciousness of Earth.
So Tim, what are psionics?
And why is it important
for the agenda for contact?
>> Thank you, Emery.
Psionics is one of
the main reasons
why we will have
a full disclosure
right in this very moment.
Because psionics is the
ability to alter your reality.
And the science
behind this is that we
are all one consciousness field
that is experiencing itself.
So in a way, the living
field that we all are
and that we see ourselves living
in is what is creating reality.
And once a person or a species
has access to this ability,
it can alter its own
reality beyond measure.
So what is important to see
is that this kind of waveform
can be integrated
into technology.
So if we have a certain higher
and lower altitude waveform,
we can bring that into
a machine, a computer,
or whatever that can be
used to alter reality.
But the examination and
analysis of the universe
shows that those life forms
that have the ability and minds
to alter their reality, this
is beyond everything technology
could do.
And to have the perfect,
the highest efficiency,
you need to have a collective
goal that a species is
trying to bring into reality.
So this is one of the reasons
why disclosure is heavily
connected with the emerging
status of humanity to evolve
into psionic beings.
>> Excellent.
So to your knowledge is
psionics being used on humans
by humans, number one?
And number two, are
psionics being used
by extraterrestrials on humans?
>> What has been installed
around this planet is something
that is a self-sufficient
system of psionics.
What is set up is a
installation on humanity
that deals with angst.
And this has something
to do with hindering
the process of humanity
coming into full potential.
So once the humans--
more and more
individuals need to think
about psionic abilities.
They need to
practice meditation.
They need to realize that they
are this living experience that
is experiencing itself.
Once this is done, we can
reach a critical mass.
And when this mass has been
overcome, then the occurrence,
the randomly occurring effects
of psionics within this species
is high enough to be a
psionic species itself.
So humans can become, and will
become soon, a psionic species.
And then the effect that
the tactical advantages
that certain other species have
concerning psionics and mind
control, for example, this
can be defensed against.
>> Who put this barrier,
this psionic wave barrier,
across our planet?
>> That again is a
dangerous question, Emery.
So I don't want to
interfere with militaries--
>> We both know psionics does
have a negative kind of thought
process with humans, but
also could be used for good.
So--
>> It is used.
Yeah, sure.
>> --could you
please explain that?
>> Of course.
Mind powers or
psionics, so to speak,
can be used to heal somebody, to
get into contact with somebody
who is outside of
the shared dimension.
So there are thousands and
thousands of beneficial aspects
to this psionic topic.
And for example, in the
level three experience
which is mostly about dividing
and having a sense of this
is you, this we,
this is me, there
are some restrictive
barriers so to speak.
Artificial barriers
that people tend
to install themselves just
to have more power themselves
over others.
For example, just as easy
as you can think about it.
It's just, for example,
access to technology
that could fly you to
another space system.
This is something that
is restricted access.
So if you're
thinking of psionics,
the universe gives
you an opportunity
to overcome this kind of
restricting barrier yourself.
Because once you can open
certain natural portals,
you can then be free, free life
form and go wherever you want,
and integrate this
into your reality.
>> So can a third density
human being get to that level
of psionics and consciousness
and utilize that or do they
have to be fourth density?
>> Well every being in the
universe can get to any point
of frequency ad hoc in
every second possible,
because the necessity to this is
that they realize that they are
this field of
intelligent nothingness.
When they dive into this,
they can alter their reality
to any kind of frequency.
But when people are experiencing
a level three consciousness,
they tend to not do so because
they have a very strong mindset
of this is linear physics,
this could not happen,
thought transmission is not
possible, and so on, and so on.
And when we are
talking frequencies,
then you can see that there
are a lot of subtones.
So a human being that has
a level three consciousness
could, for example,
experience something
like, oh, I'm thinking
of my grandma.
And in this situation, this
second, the telephone rings.
So once they got some awareness
to this kind of synchronicity,
they can move on into
a level four being.
And level 4 means that
you have a lot of training
and a lot of experience saying
to do to even get higher.
So coming to your question,
yes, a level three being
can use psionics, but tends
not to do so because they
don't believe in it.
>> So Tim, what have you
achieved in that way?
>> I wouldn't say this is an
achievement because it sounds
kind of special, but every
one and every life form has--
this is open source.
The universe in
itself is open source.
One thing that I've found
really helpful in communicating
with people is to
sense their feelings,
sense their perspective
in order to bring peace
to the overall communication.
This is something.
Another thing is that
at some point when you
concentrate on it, you can--
and with some training or a
lot of training, I don't know,
you can achieve understanding
of temporal dynamics
which then means you
can understand events
in the horizon of possibilities
and probabilities,
and then you can
head towards them.
But actually everything
you can think of,
Emery, is something
that can be done.
>> There's nothing impossible.
>> That's it.
>> And we're everywhere
all the time.
>> True.
>> So let's talk about the
difference between frequential
harmonics and psionics.
>> So frequential harmonics,
which should not be confused
with dimensions.
So people often are talking
about interdimensional beings.
At some point of our
evolution, a space component
is not necessary anymore.
Time is not necessary anymore.
So when we're talking about
frequential harmonics,
this is a concept
of the universe.
And when I began working
on those subjects,
we had seven or eight
frequential harmonics.
And we're in
constant evolvement.
So now we're heading
up to 12 of them.
So those frequential
harmonics are defined in a way
that it's the specific
tone of ourself
that you radiate
into the surrounding.
So all concepts are wrong, but
some are useful so to speak.
We are living inside of a
kind of net of being thing.
And we are radiating our
frequency into this being.
And this being gives
information about this frequency
back to ourselves.
And this defines our reality.
So when Earth people tended to
be in a level three harmonic,
that means they have linear
physics and a dualistic way
of thinking.
While we're now heading
into a higher frequency
field in the universe, we're
now approaching a perfect four
harmonic, which means that
this planet soon will become
a fully level four planet.
Which means anything can happen.
It means there will be
technology that can heal
our bodies to every extent.
That we can, for
example, move barriers.
We can integrate
this into technology.
When we're thinking
of harmonics,
we're thinking of experiences
and consciousness level.
And the more experienced a being
is, the more ways of living
can be obtained.
So a being that has reached
level five consciousness
or frequential harmonics,
it can live without a body,
for example.
And if we're even
thinking higher to this,
then the overall structure of
the universe is a being, too.
>> What level of consciousness
does humanity have to obtain
in order for us to
have more open contact?
>> On a professional basic
thinking about what needs to be
done to have an
open contact world,
there are more specifications
to what needs to be avoided
to have an open contact.
So one thing that we need to
avoid is a global psychosis.
This is something that
really needs to be avoided,
because people can get scared
if they have an open contact.
And if their reality
breaks too easily,
then they can get into
this psychosis mindset,
which means, like, they
tend to react to this.
And if this happens on a global
scale, then this would be,
probably, the worst case
scenario to the earth.
>> Catastrophic
to say the least.
>> Yeah.
So quantum explosions
could occur.
Everything could start anew.
And this is something
we want to avoid.
B, what we want to avoid
is a mindset where it gets
incoordinated, which means
that bodies of the global
consciousness, for
example institutions,
cannot agree on certain things.
So they block each other.
This is something we
definitely need to avoid.
We need to gain trust.
And we need to move
forward in one direction.
The third thing we
need to avoid when
we're talking about
the mindset is
a accusing mindset, because
there have been decisions
in the past which are related
to human characters that
have been sad, least
to say, and terrible.
And however we deal
with this, this
is something we need to
figure out collectively.
But we should not tend
to be too accusing,
because it's still ourselves
in a cosmic way we're
talking about.
So the universe
does make mistakes.
And the fourth thing
we need to avoid
is xenophobia which means a
way of racism or speciesism
to intergalactic families.
And to put this
positively, I would
wish people to get interactive
with the process of Earth shift
as much as possible.
>> Explain to the audience
this Earth shift you keep
mentioning.
>> Well, the Earth shift is
that the reality we were used
to experiencing
for a long, long,
long time is somehow
overdue, so to speak.
There are parts of this global
civilization that already
deals with something we would--
or the people on the
street, so to speak--
would see this as futuristic.
So there already is a kind of
reality and a kind of shift.
And the necessity that
we now have to deal with
is bringing this
back to everybody
and to make the global shift.
And this is coming, and it must
come as happily as possible.
>> Excellent.
From your experience
and exposure,
what will open contact be
like and who will it be with?
>> This is an
interesting question,
because we're right now at this
very moment heading towards
open contact, even more
and more every day.
There are a lot of
plans and preparations
that are now being executed.
For example, that we have
sent Perseverance to Mars.
So we get the first
real-time images from Mars.
And the first time
you can see a blue sky
which isn't a filter anymore.
So it's not the
red planet anymore.
We can see blue sky.
German NASA, so to
speak, released images
where they showed
constructions on Mars.
They are online.
They even had an
article online where
they were talking publicly
about ancient life on Mars.
So in the mainstream media,
somebody told the audience
that there is
ancient life on Mars.
So this is not the only thing
that's happening right now,
because there are lots
of preparations going on,
and we can have
various scenarios.
And this is what we're trying
to have and to bring forward.
There are some ET
races that would
like to play a role in this.
And so much as a householder
not always wants somebody
to ring on the
door, so humans tend
to be overprotective
with the narrative.
So what we can see is that
mostly humanoid or similar
species have the
best rating when
it comes to the reaction a
human has to a non terrestrial.
And the next best rating would
be a furry kind of ET species.
So these are the species
that show the best results.
So it's not absolutely
100% sure what kind
of open contact
scenario we will have,
because there are several
that got played out.
And when the
frequency of the earth
is at the right
specification parameter
then we have the matching
solution to this.
>> Will this open contact be
limited to the military or will
everyone be a part of it?
>> So the characteristics of
human beings show that they are
pretty overprotective.
And they tend to set up special
access to certain things.
So it is most likely that,
especially in the beginning,
this will be a heavily
guided scenario.
And I assume you have
some experience in this.
There's always some
kind of possibility
to make open contact, close
encounter to some species.
So it depends on the level
of personal avoidance
or willingness to make contact
if your life will show contact
in the next years or not.
In the beginning,
I assume that it
will be a lot more
conservative at the beginning
in the next three to
five years, while I
would suggest that the
open contact scenario will
be within this year.
>> Do you think a lot of people
are going to freak out once
this open contact does happen?
>> This is a fear, because there
hasn't been too much effort
in preparing people over
the last 40-50 years,
which could have been done so.
But we're seeing
right now that there
are a lot of preparations being
done to guide people in a way.
And so what we
have is something,
it's called trait
angst or trait anxiety,
which means that there
are certain groups
of the civilization, of
human civilization, that
tends to have more probability
to be afraid or fearful.
And as being said,
the most efficient way
to set up a scenario is a
self-sufficient scenario.
So there might be
created something
to separate those
groups that tend
to show fear and angst, where
those who are pretty much
prepared for open contact,
just as everybody watching this
as the target group, they
get straight information
from whoever is on "Cosmic
Disclosure," for example.
>> Bravo.
Tim, through your
contacts and experiences,
do you know of any
ancient philosophy
that best describes the
history of humanity?
>> That's a beautiful
question, Emery.
Because to my own
observation, a lot
of what has been told
in India, for example,
is something that is
very close to what
is happening and describes
it in a various way.
But people need to understand
what this is all about.
Because, for example,
Sanskrit which
is the language of
ancient yogic times
is one of the only surviving
languages that resembles the--
or comes very close
to the [GERMAN]..
It comes close to
source in a way.
And a lot of pictures
we find there
has a lot to do with
what's happening right now.
For example, the one thing
I found really interesting
when we're talking
about psionics
is that Brahma,
who is the creator
or the self in some way.
He does not wear any kind of
weapon, but he wears a spoon.
So if we're talking about
psionics and, for example Uri
Geller, or something, and we
imagine psionics and a spoon,
this is something people,
like 12,000 years ago,
have already brought
into their philosophy.
And there are
examples to what is
happening all over the place.
It just needs to be understood.
>> So having an
elevated consciousness,
there's been many channelers
out there and others who claim
to have been in contact
with extraterrestrial races.
How does psionics fit into that,
and what did you experience?
>> So when we're talking about
a shared kind of universe
or a shared kind of experience,
then something that is really
important is that it's logical
and shared by many people.
Then it becomes a reality.
So if one person
experienced something
and it's totally
out of hand, that
doesn't mean that
this is not truth.
It just means that something
absurd or not normal
has happened to this one person.
But mostly like
if lots of people
share the same
experience, then it
gets integrated into the same
collectively shared timeline.
>> You've mentioned
timelines before.
Can you go a little
bit more into that
and how they may even overlap?
>> OK.
So again, all concepts are
wrong, but some are useful.
So if you imagine
one kind of vector
in time and space,
a straight line that
has no end and no
beginning, then
from a 3D perspective
of this, a timeline
has kind of a tree-like
fractalized body,
which is moving around
at every single second.
And this changes from what
perspective we have on it.
If we have a 2D
perspective on timelines,
then we sort of
see only one point
that everything is connected to.
And this is the shared timeline.
That doesn't mean
that there aren't
a lot of other timelines.
But this is one timeline that is
shared by a lot of life forms.
And those decisions that those
life forms make alter the way
the tree-like structure
around this vector
is moving around
like a kaleidoscope.
And sometimes when we are
talking about timelines,
there are collapsing timelines,
which means that a kind
of journey has come to an end
because the self cannot provide
a solution to this timeline.
That is the moment when a
timeline collapses and gets
reintegrated into this vector
so that basically the universe
assures that everybody
will certainly
have his or her safe
timeline to go on.
Even if one doesn't
work anymore,
it gets reintegrated
into the vector
that connects everything.
>> You mentioned
shared timelines.
And how does that fit
in interdimensionally?
>> So interdimensionally
or interfrequentially?
>> Either one.
>> There's a difference.
So when we're talking
about dimensions,
we are always talking
about shared space.
A time can be in some kind
of physics a shared space.
So you and I are
sharing a timeline now.
When we're talking about
interfrequential harmonics,
it's not necessary anymore
because at level four
consciousness, we realize
that we can go forward
and backward in time
at any time we want,
because we are
time, so to speak.
So this makes a
timeline more flexible.
This vector we're talking
about in the fourth level
is not only a string, but it's
moving in any kind of direction
like a compass.
>> You mentioned timelines
and how they're shared.
Will it affect open
disclosure, number one?
And can it get derailed by that?
And if so, who would be
responsible for that?
>> So there's a necessity to
what is happening right now.
The evolution of the
universe is going onward.
And everyone who
willingly expresses
to be on this kind
of timeline will
stay on this kind of timeline,
because they are also
creating this.
And the universe
will fit their life
into this string of
timeline that will succeed.
So we have a 100% guarantee
that the overall evolution
of the universe will
succeed, which is great.
But the amount of time
that is necessary,
or the structure of this
fractal, tree-like structure
around this perfect
timeline can be altered.
And this certainly can
collapse some timelines
if they are not striving
towards the specific goal.
But again there is something
about the more collapsing
timelines the
universe experiences,
the more it learns how not
to collapse that timeline,
if this makes sense to you.
So the universe certainly
has a 100% guarantee
that this all is happening.
The earth will shift
into a different reality.
That those beings
who are willingly
expressing that they are
on the right timeline,
they are on the right
timeline, to be assured.
But that doesn't mean that
certain random or initiated
events couldn't happen.
>> Tim, that was brilliant.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>> Thanks, Emery.
It's really interesting.
>> I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]